Add usage instructions to README. (#78)
arduino/arduino-language-server: README.md

```
go test -v ./...
```
## Usage

To run the Arduino Language Server you need:

> - [arduino-cli](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Arduino CLI](https://github.com/arduino/arduino-cli)
```

After building, call:

```
./arduino-language-server -cli-config <path-to-cli-config>
```
For example:
```
./arduino-language-server -cli-config $HOME/.arduino15/arduino-cli.yaml
```

> Note: If you do not have an ArduinoCLI config file, you can create one by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you do not have an Arduino CLI config file, you can create one by running:
```
